[http://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_77.htm]

==WI should organize the tasks==
* such that no deadlines are missed
* if inevitable, the user is warned
* the tasks are scheduled conveniently &ndash; possible overlap, exploiting user location etc.

==adding a new task==
* assign a priority by sorting it into the current order of tasks

WI should allow a constant-time mapping (set of tasks) -> (next task to 
do), but also (set of triggers) -> (task to do). Triggers include location, 
received emails, and actually also time. Also completed tasks trigger 
further tasks.

===&hellip;concrete use case===

I want to transfer money from Australia, but 
Karolína currently uses her card from the Australian account. Hence, 
I need her to be able to withdraw money even in the meantime of the 
transfer. She has access to my account in the Czech Rep. but she does 
not have a card there yet. I also don't have any money on the account 
until the reimbursement of my travel costs to Delft arrives. (I can 
apply for an additional card to the Czech account but that costs 
something unless there is sufficient income to the account for the 
current month.)

This results in a task with a precondition and a trigger at time of 
completion:

  obtain a card to the Czech account for Karolína
    -> receive reimbursement of travel to Delft
    ...transfer money from Australia

Additionally, there are some 5 working days between applying for the 
card and receiving it. It would be helpful to be able to enter my 
estimate when the reimbursement comes, and add it as a trigger for the 
main task.

===Use case 2===

I finish bread and I want to put it down that we need to buy 
bread. When either me or Karolína find ourselves in a shop buying 
grocery, we check a list in WyrdIn and see the current shopping list. We 
can immediately tick the things bought, so that we don't buy anything 
twice. (Or, we can additionally update our state to "shopping" and enter 
the whole shopping basket only later.)

===Use case 3===

The task is to go shopping, and it has an ''optional precondition''
(a boost) of filling out the form for a customer's card.
