Richard's explanation:

;[http://www.wyrdin.com]
:My goal with this is to have a multifunctional website: it serves as both a focal point for potential users, beta testers, and those within Realise It and EMA who want to keep abreast of the project, but also for documentation of our individual efforts and a way of sharing what it is like to be in a startup. This will ultimately be useful for our own recognition of individual efforts as well as a way to interest potential users and those with a vested interest in the project.
;Github
:Github is to be our focal point for coding. I am very much in favor of openness in coding and development - I am incredibly doubtful that anyone will take the code, but think that the ability to have others help out by looking at it and providing suggestions is enough of a benefit to make it worthwhile. Git is a very good versioning system. This will also allow us to assign issues and planning to certain users, and this provides a way for us to clearly track issues and plans in the code. The wiki, on the other hand, provides a good place to start documentation and to track our higher-level plans.
;Twitter
:@WyrdIn on Twitter is up, and posts whenever there is a post on the website, or a page edit or new page. We can also use this to build hype around the project and engage with the users and entrepenurial community.
;wyrdin@googlegroups.com
: GoogleGroup is a way for us to talk internally without CC all of the others in, and with good archival of emails. When possible, please use the @googlegroups email instead of merely CCing each other. That is all this is to be used for.   